Implementing Dependency injection (#11)
infinum/eightshift-libs: CHANGELOG.md

_No documentation available about unreleased changes as of yet._

## [0.7.0]

### Added

> - Added dependency injection in service locator inside class-main.php

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this. DI and SL are two ways of implementing IoC container, maybe say something like

```
Added DI instead of SL inside the class-main.php
```

Author: 👍

> - Changed Manifest.php method to fetch items to non static method.

Reviewer: Same here

```suggestion
- Changed methods used for fetching the manifest items inside Manifest.php to non static methods.
```

Author: 👍
